as Nelson Mandela said education is the
most powerful weapon you can use to
change the world
wherever you are right now listening to
this I want you to burn that into your
mind the most powerful weapon that
you're going to have at your disposal
isn't a gun it isn't a sword it isn't a
bomb the most powerful weapon you will
ever have at your disposal
if you really want to make change is
knowledge it doesn't mean going to
school it can be school it can be books
it can be a mentor it can be somebody
else's failure it can be your own
failure but whatever it is to always be
learning to be learning something today
knowing that that's an investment and as
Robert Louis Stevenson said don't judge
each day by the harvest you reap but
rather by the seeds you plant and that's
what knowledge is that's what the
learning process is is you're learning
something today that you may not even
understand how it's going to be valuable
but one day that piece of knowledge is
going to come to your aid one day that
thing that you learned is gonna be
something that you're gonna lean on one
day that thing that you've worked your
ass off to understand better than
anybody else in the world it's going to
help you change the world but you have
to be
you have to be learning with an
obsession you have to understand that
ideas inequal ideas out and that you
have to chase that knowledge down that
it is a relentless pursuit and that like
you would build an armada like you would
create a stock pile of weapons you must
create a stockpile of knowledge you must
learn and learn and learn and you must
hold yourself accountable every day the
planting those seeds to getting better
to learning more to understanding things
more broadly when you do that there will
be nothing that won't be unlocked to you
that's what I want you guys to
understand it does
matter where you started your
circumstances the money the people that
you know none of it matters what matters
is how much you willing to learn how
good are you willing to get how much
knowledge are you willing to soak in
because that will become your weapon
that will be how you rise up and that
would be the thing that will protect you
when you need it most
[Music]
yo
so if you want to do something
incredible tomorrow learn today